Hey, Mr. Tang made you toss, it's alright
The time has just arrived, haha.
You didn't come either?
What's the matter with you and him?
Has he been avoiding me lately?
What's the matter, I'm a tigress
I'm afraid I'll eat him
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm here today to talk about business
It's not for you to play petty here
Mr. Huang, Miss Huang
Design proposals and concepts
Mr. Li has already told me
Don't worry.
I will definitely do it
no entertainment
Secretary Huang is really a good means
Shortly after coming to the company, Mr. Li had such trust
That was taught by Mr. Li
You will please people
What are you talking about here?
If you don't want to hear it, don't leave me again
Leave and leave
I'm so sorry.
This girl spoiled me since I was a child
It's alright, Mr. Huang
So let's do this.
Come and sit down Li Yi
The more you avoid me, the more I want to see you